ich = I
seine = his
dass = that
er = he
war = was
für = for
sind = are
mit = with
sein = be
ein = one
haben = have
dies = this
heiß = hot
Wort = word
aber = but
einige = some
ist = is
es = it
oder = or
hatte = had
von = of
und = and
wir = we
andere = other
waren = were
tun = do
ihre = their
Zeit = time
werden = will
sagte = said
sagen = tell
tut = does
drei = three
wollen = want
Luft = air
spielen = play
klein = small
Ende = end
setzen = put
Zuhause = home
lesen = read
seits = hand
Hafen = port
buchstabieren = spell
hinzufügen = add
Lande = land
hier = here
muss = must
hoch = high
folgen = follow
Akt = act
warum = why
fragen = ask
Männer = men
Veränderung = change
ging = went
Licht = light
Art = kind
aus = off
müssen = need
Haus = house
Bild = picture
versuchen = try
uns = us
wieder = again
Tier = animal
Punkt = point
Mutter = mother
Welt = world
in der Nähe von = near
bauen = build
selbst = self
Erde = earth
Vater = father
neu = new
Arbeit = work
Teil = part
nehmen = take
erhalten = get
Ort = place
gemacht = made
leben = live
wo = where
nach = after
zurück = back
wenig = little
Runde = round
Mann = man
Jahr = year
kam = came
zeigen = show
gut = good
mir = me
geben = give
unsere = our
Name = name
sehr = very
Formular = form
denken = think
Hilfe = help
niedrig = low
Linie = line
abweichen = differ
wiederum = turn
Ursache = cause
viel = much
bedeuten = mean
vor = before
Umzug = move
Recht = right
Junge = boy
alt = old
gleich = same
alle = all
da = there
nach oben = up
Verwendung = use
Ihre = your
Weg = way
viele = many
dann = then
schreiben = write
würde = would
diese = these
lange = long
machen = make
Sache = thing
sehen = see
ihm = him
zwei = two
hat = has
suchen = look
mehr = more
Tag = day
könnte = could
gehen = go
kommen = come
tat = did
Anzahl = number
klingen = sound
nicht = no
am meisten = most
Menschen = people
meine = my
wissen = know
Wasser = water
als = than
Anruf = call
erste = first
nach unten = down
gewesen = been
jetzt = now
finden = find
Kopf = head
stehen = stand
besitzen = own
sollte = should
Land = country
gefunden = found
Antwort = answer
Schule = school
wachsen = grow
Studie = study
noch = still
lernen = learn
Anlage = plant
Abdeckung = cover
Lebensmittel = food
Sonne = sun
vier = four
zwischen = between
Zustand = state
halten = keep
Auge = eye
nie = never
letzte = last
lassen = let
Gedanken = thought
Stadt = city
Baum = tree
überqueren = cross
Bauernhof = farm
schwer = hard
Beginn = start
Geschichte = story
Säge = saw
weit = far
Meer = sea
links = left
spät = late
laufen = run
unterlassen Sie = don't
während = while
Presse = press
Schließen = close
Nacht = night
realen = real
Leben = life
wenige = few
Norden = north
Buch = book
tragen = carry
nahm = took
Wissenschaft = science
essen = eat
Zimmer = room
Freund = friend
begann = began
Idee = idea
Fisch = fish
berg = mountain
Stopp = stop
einmal = once
Basis = base
hören = hear
Pferd = horse
Schnitt = cut
sicher = sure
beobachten = watch
Farbe = color
Gesicht = face
Holz = wood
Haupt- = main
geöffnet = open
scheinen = seem
zusammen = together
nächste = next
weiß = white
Kinder = children
Start = begin
bekam = got
Beispiel = example
erleichtern = ease
Papier = paper
Gruppe = group
immer = always
Musik = music
diejenigen = those
beide = both
Marke = mark
oft = often
Schreiben = letter
bis = until
Meile = mile
Fluss = river
Auto = car
Füße = feet
Pflege = care
zweite = second
genug = enough
Mädchen = girl
üblich = usual
jung = young
bereit = ready
oben = above
je = ever
rot = red
Liste = list
obwohl = though
fühlen = feel
Vortrag = talk
Vogel = bird
bald = soon
Körper = body
Hund = dog
Familie = family
direkt = direct
Pose = pose
verlassen = leave
Lied = song
messen = measure
Tür = door
Produkt = product
schwarz = black
kurz = short
Zahl = numeral
Klasse = class
Wind = wind
Frage = question
vollständig = complete
Schiff = ship
Bereich = area
Hälfte = half
Stein = rock
bestellen = order
Feuer = fire
Süden = south
Problem = problem
Stück = piece
wusste = knew
seit = since
obere = top
ganze = whole
König = king
Zoll = inch
multiplizieren = multiply
nichts = nothing
Kurs = course
bleiben = stay
Rad = wheel
voll = full
Kraft = force
blau = blue
Objekt = object
entscheiden = decide
Oberfläche = surface
tief = deep
Mond = moon
Insel = island
Fuß = foot
System = system
beschäftigt = busy
Prüfung = test
Rekord = record
Boot = boat
gemeinsam = common
goldenen = gold
möglich = possible
Flugzeug = plane
statt = stead
trocken = dry
Wunder = wonder
Lachen = laugh
tausend = thousand
lief = ran
überprüfen = check
Spiel = game
Form = shape
gleichsetzen = equate
Fehl = miss
gebracht = brought
Wärme = heat
Schnee = snow
Reifen = tire
bringen = bring
ja = yes
entfernt = distant
füllen = fill
Osten = east
malen = paint
Sprache = language
Einheit = unit
Macht = power
fein = fine
fliegen = fly
fallen = fall
führen = lead
Schrei = cry
dunkel = dark
Maschine = machine
note = note
warten = wait
Plan = plan
Abbildung = figure
Stern = star
Kasten = box
Nomen = noun
Feld = field
Rest = rest
richtig = correct
fähig = able
Pfund = pound
getan = done
Schönheit = beauty
Antriebs = drive
stand = stood
enthalten = contain
Front = front
lehren = teach
Woche = week
Finale = final
gab = gave
grün = green
oh = oh
schnell = quick
entwickeln = develop
Ozean = ocean
warme = warm
kostenlos = free
Minute = minute
stark = strong
besondere = special
Geist = mind
hinter = behind
klar = clear
Schwanz = tail
produzieren = produce
Tatsache = fact
Raum = space
gehört = heard
beste = best
Stunde = hour
besser = better
wahr = true
hundert = hundred
fünf = five
merken = remember
Schritt = step
früh = early
Westen = west
Boden = ground
Interesse = interest
erreichen = reach
Verbum = verb
singen = sing
sechs = six
Tabelle = table
Reise = travel
weniger = less
Morgen = morning
zehn = ten
einfach = simple
mehrere = several
Vokal = vowel
Krieg = war
legen = lay
gegen = against
Muster = pattern
schleppend = slow
Zentrum = center
Liebe = love
Person = person
Geld = money
dienen = serve
erscheinen = appear
Karte = map
regen = rain
Regel = rule
regieren = govern
Kälte = cold
Hinweis = notice
Stimme = voice
Energie = energy
Jagd = hunt
wahrscheinlich = probable
Bett = bed
Bruder = brother
Ei = egg
Fahrt = ride
Zelle = cell
glauben = believe
vielleicht = perhaps
pflücken = pick
plötzlich = suddenly
zählen = count
Platz = square
Grund = reason
Dauer = length
vertreten = represent
Kunst = art
Thema = subject
Region = region
Größe = size
variieren = vary
regeln = settle
sprechen = speak
Gewicht = weight
allgemein = general
Eis = ice
Materie = matter
Kreis = circle
Paar = pair
umfassen = include
Kluft = divide
Silbe = syllable
Filz = felt
Kugel = ball
Welle = wave
Herz = heart
vorhanden = present
Tanz = dance
Motor = engine
Position = position
Arm = arm
breit = wide
Segel = sail
Material = material
Fraktion = fraction
Wald = forest
sitzen = sit
Rennen = race
Fenster = window
Speicher = store
Sommer = summer
Zug = train
Schlaf = sleep
beweisen = prove
einsam = lone
Bein = leg
Übung = exercise
Wand = wall
Fang = catch
Berg = mount
wünschen = wish
Himmel = sky
Board = board
Freude = joy
Winter = winter
sa = sat
geschrieben = written
wilden = wild
Instrument = instrument
gehalten = kept
Glas = glass
Gras = grass
Kuh = cow
Rand = edge
Zeichen = sign
Besuch = visit
Vergangenheit = past
weich = soft
Spaß = fun
hell = bright
Gases = gas
Wetter = weather
Monat = month
Million = million
Finish = finish
glücklich = happy
hoffen = hope
blume = flower
kleiden = clothe
seltsam = strange
Vorbei = gone
Handel = trade
Melodie = melody
Büro = office
empfangen = receive
Reihe = row
Mund = mouth
genau = exact
sterben = die
am wenigsten = least
Ärger = trouble
außer = except
schrieb = wrote
Samen = seed
Ton = tone
beitreten = join
vorschlagen = suggest
sauber = clean
Pause = break
Dame = lady
Hof = yard
steigen = rise
schlecht = bad
Schlag = blow
Öl = oil
Blut = blood
berühren = touch
wuchs = grew
Cent = cent
mischen = mix
Mannschaft = team
Draht = wire
Kosten = cost
verloren = lost
braun = brown
Garten = garden
gesendet = sent
wählen = choose
fiel = fell
passen = fit
fließen = flow
Messe = fair
Bank = bank
sammeln = collect
sparen = save
Kontrolle = control
dezimal = decimal
Ohr = ear
sonst = else
ganz = quite
pleite = broke
Fall = case
Mitte = middle
töten = kill
Sohn = son
See = lake
Moment = moment
Maßstab = scale
laut = loud
Frühling = spring
Kind = child
gerade = straight
Konsonant = consonant
Nation = nation
Wörterbuch = dictionary
milch = milk
Geschwindigkeit = speed
Verfahren = method
Orgel = organ
zahlen = pay
Alter = age
Abschnitt = section
Kleid = dress
Wolke = cloud
Überraschung = surprise
ruhig = quiet
winzig = tiny
Aufstieg = climb
kühlen = cool
Entwurf = design
arm = poor
Menge = lot
Versuch = experiment
Schlüssel = key
Eisen = iron
Einzel = single
Stick = stick
Wohnung = flat
zwanzig = twenty
Haut = skin
Lächeln = smile
Falte = crease
Loch = hole
springen = jump
acht = eight
Dorf = village
Wurzel = root
kaufen = buy
erhöhen = raise
lösen = solve
Metall = metal
ob = whether
drücken = push
sieben = seven
Absatz = paragraph
dritte = third
wird = shall
Hand = held
Haar = hair
beschreiben = describe
Koch = cook
entweder = either
Ergebnis = result
brennen = burn
Hügel = hill
Katze = cat
Jahrhundert = century
betrachten = consider
Typ = type
Gesetz = law
Bit = bit
Küste = coast
Kopie = copy
Ausdruck = phrase
still = silent
Sand = sand
Rolle = roll
Temperatur = temperature
Finger = finger
Industrie = industry
Wert = value
Kampf = fight
Lüge = lie
schlagen = beat
begeistern = excite
natürlich = natural
Blick = view
Sinn = sense
Hauptstadt = capital
wird nicht = won't
Stuhl = chair
Achtung = danger
Obst = fruit
reich = rich
dick = thick
Soldat = soldier
Prozess = process
betreiben = operate
Praxis = practice
trennen = separate
schwierig = difficult
Arzt = doctor
Bitte = please
schützen = protect
Mittag = midday
Ernte = crop
modernen = modern
Elementes = element
Schüler = student
Ecke = corner
Partei = party
Versorgung = supply
deren = whose
lokalisieren = locate
Rings = ring
Charakter = character
insekt = insect
gefangen = caught
Funk = radio
Speiche = spoke
Atom = atom
Mensch = human
Wirkung = effect
elektrisch = electric
erwarten = expect
Knochen = bone
Schiene = rail
vorstellen = imagine
bieten = provide
zustimmen = agree
sanft = gentle
Frau = woman
Kapitän = captain
erraten = guess
erforderlich = necessary
scharf = sharp
Flügel = wing
schaffen = create
Nachbar = neighbor
Wasch = wash
Fledermaus = bat
eher = rather
mais = corn
vergleichen = compare
Gedicht = poem
Schnur = string
Glocke = bell
abhängen = depend
Fleisch = meat
einreiben = rub
Rohr = tube
berühmt = famous
Dollar = dollar
Angst = fear
dünn = thin
Dreieck = triangle
Eile = hurry
Chef = chief
Kolonie = colony
Uhr = clock
Mine = mine
Krawatte = tie
eingeben = enter
Dur = major
frisch = fresh
Suche = search
senden = send
gelb = yellow
Pistole = gun
erlauben = allow
Druck = print
tot = dead
Stelle = spot
Wüste = desert
Anzug = suit
Aufzug = lift
stiegen = rose
ankommen = arrive
Stamm = master
Spur = track
Elternteil = parent
Ufer = shore
Teilung = division
Blatt = sheet
Substanz = substance
begünstigen = favor
verbinden = connect
verbringen = spend
Akkord = chord
Fett = fat
froh = glad
Original = original
Aktie = share
Station = station
Papa = dad
Brot = bread
aufladen = charge
Leiste = bar
Segment = segment
Sklave = slave
ente = duck
Augenblick = instant
Markt = market
Grad = degree
besiedeln = populate
küken = chick
liebe = dear
Feind = enemy
antworten = reply
Getränk = drink
auftreten = occur
Unterstützung = support
Rede = speech
Natur = nature
Dampf = steam
Bewegung = motion
Flüssigkeit = liquid
protokollieren = log
gemeint = meant
Quotient = quotient
Gebiss = teeth
Schale = shell
Hals = neck
Sauerstoff = oxygen
Zucker = sugar
Tod = death
ziemlich = pretty
Geschicklichkeit = skill
Frauen = women
Saison = season
Lösung = solution
Magnet = magnet
Silber = silver
danken = thank
Zweig = branch
Suffix = suffix
Feige = fig
ängstlich = afraid
riesig = huge
Schwester = sister
Stahl = steel
diskutieren = discuss
vorwärts = forward
ähnlich = similar
Erfahrung = experience
Partitur = score
apfel = apple
gekauft = bought
geführt = led
Tonhöhe = pitch
Mantel = coat
Masse = mass
Band = band
Seil = rope
Rutsch = slip
gewinnen = win
träumen = dream
Abend = evening
Futtermittel = feed
Werkzeug = tool
gesamt = total
Geruch = smell
Tal = valley
doppelt = double
Sitz = seat
fortsetzen = continue
Block = block
Hut = hat
verkaufen = sell
Erfolg = success
Firma = company
subtrahieren = subtract
Veranstaltung = event
schwimmen = swim
Begriff = term
Gegenteil = opposite
Schuh = shoe
Schulter = shoulder
Verbreitung = spread
arrangieren = arrange
Lager = camp
erfinden = invent
Baumwolle = cotton
geboren = born
bestimmen = determine
Quart = quart
neun = nine
Lastwagen = truck
Lärm = noise
Chance = chance
Geschäft = shop
Stretch = stretch
werfen = throw
Glanz = shine
Immobilien = property
Spalte = column
Molekül = molecule
falsch = wrong
grau = gray
Wiederholung = repeat
erfordern = require
vorbereiten = prepare
Salz = salt
Nase = nose
mehreren = plural
Zorn = anger
Anspruch = claim
Kontinent = contin
